Item 10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Reference is made to the section of this report titled “
.”
Incorporated by reference to the following from the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for the 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the “2026 Proxy Statement”):
•
The section entitled “Election of Directors;”
•
The portion entitled "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" of the section entitled "Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership;"
•
The portions entitled “Director Qualifications,” “Director Nomination Process and Board Succession,” and “Code of Ethics and Business Conduct” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance;” and
•
The “Director Independence” portion, “Board Meetings and Annual Meeting Attendance” portion, the membership table of the portion entitled “Board Committees,” the "Nominating and Governance Committee" portion and the "Audit Committee" portion of the section entitled “Corporate Governance.”
The Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of its securities by its directors, officers, and employees, and the Corporation itself, that the Corporation believes is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the exchange listing standards applicable to the Corporation. A copy of the Corporation’s Insider Trading Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to this report.

Item 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Director Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Report,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Executive Compensation Tables,” “Pay Ratio,” and "Pay Versus Performance" of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
26

Item 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
The information required under Item 403 of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the sections entitled “Certain Beneficial Owners” and “Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership” of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
(a)
(b)
(c)
Plan Category
Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights
Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights
Number of Securities
Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans [Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a)]
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders
45,870,110
(1)
—
50,547,885
(2)(3)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders
—
—
—
Total
45,870,110
—
50,547,885
(1)
The number of restricted stock units to be settled in shares.
(2)
Available shares can be granted in the form of restricted stock or other stock-based awards. Includes 40,903,325 shares available for award under the 2003 Incentive Program, 218,700 shares available for award under the 2004 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan, and 9,425,860 shares available for award under the Pioneer Natural Resources Company Amended and Restated 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan.
(3)
Under the 2004 Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Plan approved by shareholders in May 2004, and the related standing resolution adopted by the Board, each non-employee director automatically receives 8,000 shares of restricted stock when first elected to the Board and, if the director remains in office, an additional 2,500 restricted shares each following year. While on the Board, each non-employee director receives the same cash dividends on restricted shares as a holder of regular common stock, but the director is not allowed to sell the shares. The restricted shares may be forfeited if the director leaves the Board early.

Item 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Director Independence” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the portion entitled “Related Person Transactions and Procedures” of the section entitled “Director and Executive Officer Stock Ownership” of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.

Item 14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Incorporated by reference to the portion entitled “Audit Committee” of the section entitled “Corporate Governance” and the section entitled “Ratification of Independent Auditors” of the registrant’s 2026 Proxy Statement.
