Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
Directors and Executive Officers
Information relating to our board of directors is found in our Definitive Proxy Statement, to be dated on or about March 20, 2026 (Proxy Statement), under "Governance - How We Build an Effective Board" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Information relating to our
insider trading policy and processes
is found in our Proxy Statement under "Ownership of Company Stock - Common Stock Ownership by Directors and Executive Officers" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Information relating to our executive officers is found at Item 1, "Business - Executive Officers of the Company" and is incorporated by reference herein.
Code of Ethics
Information relating to our code of ethics is found in our Proxy Statement under "Governance - How We Operate an Effective Board - Governance Practices - Board Oversight - Key Areas of Oversight by the Board and Its Committees - Governance - Code of Ethics" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Corporate Governance
Information about the procedures by which shareholders can recommend nominees to our board of directors is found in our Proxy Statement under "Governance - How We Build an Effective Board - Director Nominations - Shareholder Director Candidates" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
The board of directors has appointed an audit committee consisting entirely of independent directors in accordance with applicable Securities and Exchange Commission and New York Stock Exchange requirements for audit committees. Information about our audit committee is found in our Proxy Statement under "Governance - How We Operate an Effective Board - Board Structure - Meetings of the Board and Its Committees - Committees of the Board - Audit Committee" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Section 16(a) Reporting Compliance
Information about our compliance with Section 16(a) is found in our Proxy Statement under "Ownership of Company Stock - Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.

Item 11 - Executive Compensation
Information on director compensation, executive compensation, and talent and compensation committee matters can be found in the Proxy Statement under "Governance - How We Build an Effective Board - Director Compensation," "- How We Operate an Effective Board - Board Structure - Meetings of the Board and Its Committees - Committees of the Board - Talent and Compensation Committee," "Compensation - Compensation Discussion and Analysis," "- Talent and Compensation Committee Matters," and "- Executive Compensation." Such information is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
99

Item 12 - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
Information relating to ownership of the company's common stock by management and by persons known by the company to be the beneficial owners of more than five percent of the outstanding shares of common stock is found in the Proxy Statement under "Ownership of Company Stock" and incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
The following table presents information as of December 31, 2025 regarding the company's compensation plans under which shares of the company's common stock have been authorized for issuance.
Plan category
(a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights
(1)
(b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights
(c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders
—
$
—
42,396,427
Equity compensation plan not approved by security holders
—
—
—
Total
—
—
42,396,427
(1)
3,484,792 shares are underlying outstanding equity awards.

Item 13 - Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Related Person Transactions
Information relating to the policies and procedures for approval of related person transactions by our board of directors can be found in the Proxy Statement under "Governance - How We Operate an Effective Board - Board Alignment - Conflicts of Interest and Transactions with Related Persons." Such information is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
Director Independence
Information relating to director independence can be found in the Proxy Statement under "Governance - How We Build an Effective Board - Director Qualifications - Independence" and is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.

Item 14 - Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information related to the fees and services of our principal independent accountants, Ernst & Young LLP, can be found in the Proxy Statement under "Audit Matters - Item 3. Ratification of the Appointment of the Independent Auditor - Services Performed by the Independent Auditor" and "- Independent Auditor Fees." Such information is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.
100
